ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
ruby habr.rb 
exit
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby instance_eval2.rb 
ruby eval_new.rb 
ruby eval_new.rb 
ruby eval_new.rb 
ruby eval_new.rb 
rake db:create
bundle install 
rails -c
rails -v
ruby -v
exit
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
ruby game_of_life.rb
crystal test.cr 
crystal test.cr 
crystal test.cr 
crystal test.cr 
elixir hello_world.exs 
elixir hello_world.exs 
ruby -v
